README.md, before:

##  EasyShop
EasyShop is the system used to run a business. You are able to browse and filter through products, and even add to cart once you are logged in. There are specific restrictions absed ont he yser type as well. Such as admin privalges to add products ti inventory vs adding a product to the cart as a user.


### Setup
Instructions on how to set up and run the project using IntelliJ.

IntelliJ IDEA( Community Edition):
Running the Application in IntelliJ
Follow these steps to get your application running within IntelliJ IDEA:

- Open IntelliJ IDEA.
- Select "Open" and navigate to the directory where you cloned or downloaded the project.
- After the project opens, wait for IntelliJ to index the files and set up the project.
- Find the main class with the public static void main(String[] args) method.
- Right-click on the file and select 'Run 'YourMainClassName.main()'' to start the application.
- Technologies Used : Java 17.0.14

### User Stories

- As an admin, I would like the privilege to add, remove nad update products or categories to ensure inventory accuracy
- As a user, I would like the option to browse without logging in, but be able to login and have a custom cart as well as access to previous orders and other things
- As a user, I would like to have the option to filter products by category and add items to cart when needed
- As an admin, I would like the privilege to add, remove and update products or categories to ensure inventory accuracy
- As a user, I would like to see all of the items in my cart as well as the quantity and total price for the cart so that I can easiily determine if I want everything, or if I would need to make modifications.

### Demo
Homepage - All products
![Application Screenshot](https://imgur.com/OIokNAP)
Showing the signed in User and Full Shopping Cart
![Application Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/OfGaaQV.png)
Filter by Category
![Application Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/hHgosFq.png)
Filter by Price (min/max)
![Application Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/Nx29nw2.png)



### Future Work
- Update/Delete Items
- check if a cart already has an item, to automatically update the quantity.
- Wish list/ Save for Later



## Challenges:

- -1 to handle an empty result : prevented me from getting the results I wanted
- trying to meet the same goals as my peers :  phases 3-5
- tokens and authorization - new concept, was able to implement anyways :)

### Resources

- Professor (Raymond Maroun)'s GutHub
- Potato Sensei🥔


### Special Thank You
- to my professor Raymond for continuous support and guidance
- to my peers for providing academic support and companionship
- to myself

Commit message:

add to cart now displaying properly tested: works with multiple items, but not duplicates

README.md, after:

##  EasyShop
EasyShop is the system used to run a business. You are able to browse and filter through products, and even add to cart once you are logged in. There are specific restrictions absed ont he yser type as well. Such as admin privalges to add products ti inventory vs adding a product to the cart as a user.


### Setup
Instructions on how to set up and run the project using IntelliJ.

IntelliJ IDEA( Community Edition):
Running the Application in IntelliJ
Follow these steps to get your application running within IntelliJ IDEA:

- Open IntelliJ IDEA.
- Select "Open" and navigate to the directory where you cloned or downloaded the project.
- After the project opens, wait for IntelliJ to index the files and set up the project.
- Find the main class with the public static void main(String[] args) method.
- Right-click on the file and select 'Run 'YourMainClassName.main()'' to start the application.
- Technologies Used : Java 17.0.14

### User Stories

- As an admin, I would like the privilege to add, remove nad update products or categories to ensure inventory accuracy
- As a user, I would like the option to browse without logging in, but be able to login and have a custom cart as well as access to previous orders and other things
- As a user, I would like to have the option to filter products by category and add items to cart when needed
- As an admin, I would like the privilege to add, remove and update products or categories to ensure inventory accuracy
- As a user, I would like to see all of the items in my cart as well as the quantity and total price for the cart so that I can easiily determine if I want everything, or if I would need to make modifications.

### Demo
Homepage - All products
![Application Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/SA045s4.png)

Cart for Signed In Users
![Application Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/OfGaaQV.png)

Filter by Category
![Application Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/hHgosFq.png)

Filter by Price (min/max)
![Application Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/Nx29nw2.png)



### Future Work
- Update/Delete Items
- check if a cart already has an item, to automatically update the quantity.
- Wish list/ Save for Later



## Challenges:

- -1 to handle an empty result : prevented me from getting the results I wanted
- trying to meet the same goals as my peers :  phases 3-5
- tokens and authorization - new concept, was able to implement anyways :)

### Resources

- Professor (Raymond Maroun)'s GutHub
- Potato Sensei🥔


### Special Thank You
- to my professor Raymond for continuous support and guidance
- to my peers for providing academic support and companionship
- to myself for being patient and graceful with myself on this journey
